>> Previously on Sons of
Anarchy...
>> ELI: Clock is ticking on the
eminent domain buyout.
He loses his investors, the vote
goes back to city council.
They can revert back all the
land.
>> ALVAREZ: Clay, Jax-- Romero
Parada.
>> ROMEO: Friends call me Romeo.
>> JAX: SIG 551s...
>> LUIS: These are excellent.
Let's set up a shipment for
every two weeks.
>> JAX: We can make that work.
>> ROMEO: I'll have the coke
ready for you for the run back.
>> CLAY: Sounds good.
>> JAX: That you forgot to
mention we'd also be running
coke for the Galindo Cartel?
We voted in selling them guns.
>> CLAY: We'll have another
vote.
I want you to back me.
It's the only way this thing
passes.
>> JAX: If I do this, my out for
your drugs.
>> GEMMA: You hiding something
from me?
This fell out of one of Abel's
coloring books.
Letters from John Teller would
be very painful.
Could set things off with Clay
again.
>> PINEY: And all those other
drones at the table, they're
gonna follow him right down to
that last little crumb.
>> GEMMA: Drugs are not what we
do.
>> CLAY: You don't tell me what
we do.
Six-five.
It passes.
♪ ♪
>> TARA: Morning.
>> JAX: Morning.
>> TARA: What are you writing?
>> JAX: Just jotting some things
down.
>> TARA: What kinds of things?
My badass biker is journaling?
>> JAX: I got to get ready.
>> TARA: When are you back?
>> JAX: Couple days.
>> TARA: You really going down
there for a bike show?
>> JAX: You want to know more?
>> TARA: Hmm.
It's too early.
>> JAX: Mm-hmm.
>> ♪ Come gather 'round, people
Wherever you roam... ♪
>> CLAY: What happened?
>> ♪ And admit that the waters
Around you have grown... ♪
>> GEMMA: Too much sun.
>> ♪ And accept it that soon
You'll be drenched to the bone ♪
♪ If your time to you
Is worth savin' ♪
♪ Then you better start swimmin'
Or you'll sink like a stone
For the times
They are a-changin' ♪
♪ Come, writers and critics
Who prophesize with your pen ♪
♪ And keep your eyes wide
The chance won't come again... ♪
>> CLAY: Opie and Kozik headed
up north.
They should be back before us.
>> GEMMA: Irish?
>> CLAY: Yeah.
>> ♪ And don't speak too soon,
for the wheel's still in spin ♪
>> CLAY: You okay?
>> ♪ And there's no tellin'... ♪
>> GEMMA: Yeah.
Ride safe.
Bye, darling.
>> JAX: See you later.
>> GEMMA: Yeah, be safe.
>> ♪ The times they are
A-changin'... ♪
(engines starting)
♪ Come mothers and fathers
Throughout the land ♪
♪ And don't criticize
What you can't understand
Your sons and your daughters
♪ Are beyond your command
♪ Your old road
Is rapidly agin' ♪
♪ Please get out of the new one
If you can't lend your hand
For the times
They are a-changin' ♪
♪ The line it is drawn
The curse it is cast ♪
♪ The slow one now
Will later be fast ♪
♪ As the present now
Will later be past ♪
♪ The order is rapidly fadin' ♪
♪ And the first one now
Will later be last
For the times
They are a-changin'. ♪
(Clay sighs)
>> CLAY: Prez.
>> ARMANDO: Welcome to the
border, brother.
>> CLAY: Thanks, man.
>> Good to see you, 'mano.
>> Redwood.
>> CLAY: Good to see you, Huff.
>> HUFF: Having trouble with the
grip?
>> CLAY: No, perfect.
>> JAX: How you doing, Army?
>> BOBBY: Really sorry about
Little Paul.
We wish we could have made the
funeral.
>> CLAY: Yeah, man, condolences.
>> ARMANDO: Thanks.
Awful shit.
>> HUFF: Broke our hearts.
>> CLAY: So, uh, meeting Romeo
tomorrow at the expo, 10:00 a.m.
>> ARMANDO: SAMTAZ, ready to
protect and serve.
>> JAX: You're sure the truck's
good here tonight?
>> HUFF: Absolutely.
No cops, no scumbags.
Everyone knows we run it.
(grunting) >> Stop it.
>> I'll pay you, I promise.
>> Stop. He's gonna pay you.
Stop it, stop!
>> Hey, hey.
>> You said we had a week.
>> That was a week ago,
shitwhore.
>> We'll get the money.
>> CLAY: What's this guy owe on?
>> HUFF: Benny, handle it.
>> Stop it.
(grunting)
Get off him.
(woman and Tig grunt)
>> CLAY: Jesus Christ.
>> Hey, hey, hey.
>> Let go of me.
(Tig screams)
Let go.
>> TIG: Skank.
>> You bastards.
>> What is it?
>> BOBBY: Crank.
This what he's behind on?
>> CLAY: You're dealing here?
>> HUFF: It ain't a risk.
We own the spot.
>> JAX: Ain't a risk?
That's a truck filled with
automatic weapons, douche bag, a
life sentence for everyone
involved, and you have us roll
up in your goddamn crank den?
>> ARMANDO: Hey, hey, hey, hey.
>> JAX: What?!
>> ARMANDO: Easy.
Coke, crank.
You mule, we sell.
Same shit.
>> CLAY: Shut it down.
>> ARMANDO: Sorry, ese.
Not your club, not your call.
Let's go.
>> ♪ Riding through this world
All alone
♪ God takes your soul
You're on your own
♪ The crow flies straight
A perfect line
♪ On the devil's bed
Until you die
♪ Gotta look this life
In the eye. ♪
>> CLAY: I ain't telling you how
to run your charter, but the
club has precedents.
>> HUFF: SAMCRO went all in with
the cartel.
Now, that sends a message to the
charters.
>> CLAY: We don't deal.
That's always been the message.
>> ARMANDO: Come on, Clay,
that's bullshit, man.
You can't draw that line.
>> JAX: We just voted this shit
in.
That trucker had back debt.
How long you been dealing?
>> ARMANDO: Voted it in four
months ago.
Been up and running about three.
This town is drying up, Clay.
I'm just trying to keep this
charter alive, man.
>> JAX: We would have never
brought you into this if we knew
you were cooking.
>> HUFF: Look, you don't want to
use us, fine.
We're the closest charter to the
border.
Anybody else is a two-day ride.
>> CLAY: You know, we're paying
SAMTAZ a good fee for running
protection down here.
>> HUFF: Yeah, but SAMCRO's the
only charter getting rich off
the cartel.
>> TIG: Sorry, guys, Romeo's
waiting.
We got to go. Come on.
>> CHIBS: Yeah, let's handle
this shit later, boys.
>> JAX: Why the hell did Reggie
turn in his patch?
Dude had 18 years.
>> BENNY: Little Paul was his
sponsor.
When he got killed, it broke him
up, man.
>> JAX: He got out before the
crank vote?
>> BENNY: Yeah, almost five
months ago.
>> JAX: Close vote?
>> BENNY: It was, but now
everyone's behind it now.
>> JAX: What about you?
>> BENNY: Four kids, 'mano.
Ain't got a choice.
>> JAX: All right, bro, come on.
(door bells jingle)
>> RITA: Be right there.
Can I help you?
>> GEMMA: You sell Mariposa
lily bulbs?
>> RITA: I don't have any in
stock, but I can get some.
>> GEMMA: Mine just keep dying.
Think it might be too much sun.
>> RITA: What's their exposure?
>> GEMMA: Southern.
Greenhouse.
Still potted.
>> RITA: Bring one in.
I'll take a look at it.
Lilies are tricky.
Half of mine never make it from
seed.
>> GEMMA: All right, I'll do
that.
Gemma.
>> RITA: Rita.
>> GEMMA: Nice to meet you.
>> RITA: Likewise.
>> CHUCKY: Chucky.
>> RITA: Hello.
>> GEMMA: Go wait in the car.
>> CHUCKY: Adieu, ladies.
(door bells jangle)
>> RITA: What happened there?
>> GEMMA: Long story.
Picked up those hands on eBay.
Difficult rehabilitation.
>> RITA: Hmm.
>> GEMMA: How's it going with
the gardens?
>> RITA: Ah, not so good.
We don't raise another $80,000
in the next three weeks, it's
gone.
>> GEMMA: Let me guess.
More retail feed for Charming
Heights?
>> RITA: Yeah, most likely.
>> GEMMA: I wouldn't let the
mayor see that sign.
He might fire your husband.
>> RITA: Just imagine what he'd
do if he knew I was the one who
started that committee.
We're having a big fund-raiser
next week.
>> GEMMA: I take it you know who
I am.
>> RITA: Yeah.
Clearly you know who I am.
>> GEMMA: So what's this, uh,
gold circle club?
>> RITA: Oh, it's for premium
donors, minimum $5,000 donation.
>> GEMMA: Hmm, expensive club.
>> RITA: There's other ways to
donate.
Gold circle is mostly
professionals.
Helps us attract the right
donors.
>> GEMMA: So, uh, being a
biker's old lady would what?
Attract the wrong kind of
donors?
>> RITA: I honestly don't care
who you are.
If you really want to help, the
door is open.
But if you're just here to
rattle my cage, I don't have the
time, love.
>> GEMMA: All right... love.
I'll come back with my dead
bulbs.
>> RITA: I'll be here.
(door bells jangle)
>> POTTER: Shame about the
gardens.
>> GEMMA: Yeah.
>> POTTER: I seriously hope the
clock ticks out on Charming
Heights.
Oh, thank you.
>> GEMMA: What clock would that
be?
>> POTTER: Well, if Hale doesn't
lock down investors by the end
of the quarter, eminent domain
vote goes back to the city
council.
They could shut it all down.
>> GEMMA: Really?
Do I know you?
>> POTTER: Oh. I'm sorry.
Nick Stackhouse.
Work for the zoning department.
>> GEMMA: Ah.
Gemma Teller.
>> POTTER: Thanks for the light,
Gem.
♪ ♪
>> CLAY: Go check us in.
Make it official.
>> JUICE: Done.
>> BOBBY: Romeo does not seem
like the kind of guy who runs
late.
>> JAX: Relax. He'll be here.
>> CLAY: What's going on, man?
>> JAX: I've been thinking about
this crank move.
Armando said they passed the
vote four months ago.
That's right after Little Paul
was killed and Reggie quit.
>> CLAY: So, you think that had
something to do with this drug
move?
>> JAX: Little Paul would have
never signed off on crank.
>> CHIBS: And Reggie was a
lifer.
Him walking away doesn't make
any sense.
>> JAX: No.
>> CLAY: What are you thinking?
>> JAX: It was a close vote.
Two no's easily sway it the
other way.
>> TIG: Yeah, so someone's
clearing the opposition, man?
>> JAX: I don't know, but it's
worth tracking down Reggie,
asking him why he quit.
>> CLAY: Let's go find Reggie.
We got to shut this crank
thing down.
Send the message to the other
charters we don't deal.
>> TIG: Cartel's here.
>> BOBBY: Every business needs
shipping and selling.
You can't separate the two.
>> CLAY: I got a wife that says
shit without saying shit.
Grow a sack, Elvis.
>> BOBBY: Armando's right.
Muling and dealing-- same
goddamn thing.
>> TIG: Not the time, boys.
>> BOBBY: Same thing.
>> JAX: Let's get this done.
>> ARMANDO: Everything cool?
(engines revving)
>> CLAY: Where's El Jefe?
>> LUIS: He doesn't like being
watched.
You got a tail.
>> CLAY: Where?
>> LUIS: Auto detailing van.
Three o'clock.
(engines revving)
>> CLAY: Oh, just some local
shit, man.
It's got nothing to do with our
business.
We'll handle it.
>> LUIS: You better.
Call when it's clear.
(engine starts)
>> CLAY: This is your goddamn
crank.
It's got to be a local narc.
>> HUFF: Hey, you're the crew on
federal release.
Could be the ATF with their
noses still up your ass.
>> JAX: We got a tail.
Sooner we lose it, sooner the
Mexicans feel safe.
>> ARMANDO: Huff?
>> HUFF: Yeah?
>> ARMANDO: Call Fierro.
We'll take 'em down to Vesper
Trail.
>> HUFF: Done.
>> ARMANDO: You guys, follow us.
(keypad beeping)
>> TIG: You sure your grip can
handle this?
>> CLAY: Get on your bike.
(engines revving)
♪ ♪
(engine revving)
(rumbling of motorcycles)
>> ♪ Like big love, black love
White love, your love
♪ Here we go
Sit back, hold up, open up
Just enjoy the show... ♪
>> ♪ Oh, oh... ♪
>> ARMANDO: Get ready, boys.
(engines revving)
(tires squealing)
>> ♪ When we're bringing on
The boom boom... ♪
>> HUFF: That's how we do in
Mexizona, Mr. Crow.
(explosive pops)
>> ♪ Blame it
On the boom boom... ♪
>> POTTER: They blew up a grease
truck?
That doesn't sound like our
boys.
A little bit too Mad Max, don't
you think?
>> GRAD: We lost the goddamn
tail.
>> POTTER: Pretty sure that was
their objective.
Did we get anything?
>> GRAD: Few photos.
It's not Parada.
>> POTTER: Pull Romeo's military
info.
I'm guessing you'll find this
guy was part of his unit.
Probably his second.
(humming)
♪ ♪
>> REGGIE: Bunny, get in the
back.
It's all right, it's all right.
Just go in the back.
(Bunny gasps)
>> CLAY: Never pegged you for
an animal lover, Reg.
>> REGGIE: What do you want?
>> JAX: Just want to say hello,
man.
Missed you in SAMTAZ.
>> REGGIE: I'm out.
Good standing.
Ink's all black.
>> BOBBY: Why'd you walk away?
>> REGGIE: None of your
business.
Now, get out of here.
>> JAX: Come on, man.
>> CHIBS: No, no, no, no!
(gun hammer cocks)
>> JAX: Weeks after Little Paul
was killed, SAMTAZ passed a
crank vote.
That have anything to do with
why you patched out?
>> CLAY: Hey, Tig, you in the
mood for some stew?
>> TIG: Yeah, yeah.
Mmm, hasenpfeffer, man.
Now...
>> REGGIE: All right.
>> JAX: Why'd you quit?
(Reggie sighs)
>> REGGIE: Huff found out I was
banging Little Paul's old lady.
>> TIG: Ellen?
Jesus, man.
>> CLAY: So what happened?
>> REGGIE: Huff kept it quiet,
said he didn't want to ruin
Paul's marriage.
>> CLAY: Saving it for leverage.
>> REGGIE: Little Paul and I got
word there was a cookhouse out
on Copperhead.
Shook down the skinheads who
were running it, found out Huff
and Benny had set it up.
Used the club's weight to get it
done and nobody at the table had
any idea that it was happening.
Then we get a call from Huff and
Benny saying Little Paul had
been gunned down by Mexican
bangers.
No other witnesses.
>> JAX: And when you threatened
to out him, Huff played the
leverage.
>> REGGIE: Yeah.
Huff said he was gonna tell the
gang that I was banging Ellen.
I'd be drummed out, Ellen'd get
shunned-- no compensation,
nobody to look out after her.
I didn't want it to ruin her
life, too.
I walked away.
>> BOBBY: Yeah, well, once you
and Little Paul were gone, Huff
voted it in legit.
(phone rings)
>> REGGIE: Look, I don't want
this getting back to the club.
>> CLAY: I can't make that
promise.
I can promise you we'll take
care of Ellen.
>> JUICE: Yo, Luis called.
Romeo wants to meet.
>> CLAY: Uh, get a 20 on those
skinheads, will you?
>> TIG: Yeah.
>> TARA: Piney.
You okay?
>> PINEY: Yeah, I just-- sorry,
I, I just let myself in.
>> TARA: It's okay.
What's, uh, what's going on?
>> PINEY: Uh, you remember those
questions you were asking me a
few months back about John?
Then you said you read
something.
>> TARA: Yeah.
>> PINEY: What was it?
>> TARA: Well, you shut me down
when I tried to tell you.
Why do you want to know now?
>> PINEY: Because the club is
headed into troubled waters and
maybe there's something in
whatever you read, helps me to
keep the boat from, you know,
rocking too much.
>> TARA (chuckles): Those are
some really vague metaphors for
a guy as direct as you.
>> PINEY: I want to read
whatever it is.
John was my friend.
I have a right.
>> TARA: Bullshit.
What do you need it for?
>> PINEY: I can't tell you.
>> TARA: Hmm, then neither can
I.
>> PINEY: Hey.
I need some goddamn leverage.
And that pointed history you
read may be...
>> GEMMA: Oh, sorry.
>> TARA (groans): You know, most
civil people would knock before
entering.
>> GEMMA: I'm not most people.
>> CHUCK: And she's definitely
not civil.
>> GEMMA: What are we, George
and Gracie now?
Sorry to interrupt.
>> PINEY: That's okay, we're
done.
>> TARA: No, no, no, no.
We should finish.
I'll be right back.
What do you need?
>> GEMMA: I wanna sign you up
for a committee-- Charming
Central Gardens.
Need to raise money to save it.
>> TARA: I can't.
I'm already on three committees
here.
>> GEMMA: I just need your name.
It means a lot to get a
doctor involved.
Attracts donors.
>> TARA: Gemma, I can't.
>> GEMMA: It's a chance to help
this town.
>> TARA: What's your angle
on this?
Why do you give a shit
about an overgrown park?
>> GEMMA: Nate taught me how to
plant seed in that overgrown
park.
I am not gonna let 'em gut it
and put up a goddamn Starbucks.
>> CHUCKY: Tara, it's Piney.
S... Something wrong!
(labored breathing)
>> CLAY: Sorry about this
morning, man; won't happen
again.
>> ROMEO: Who was it?
>> CLAY: Ah, local law.
Harassing one of our charters
down here.
We got it handled.
>> ROMEO: Good.
>> JAX: From now on, we'll just
be sending four guys down
with the truck.
Lower profile.
Our Tucson charter will run
protection once we're here.
>> ROMEO: Have we heard from our
friends in Belfast?
>> CLAY: I talked to the Kings.
They're working on that big
ticket order for you.
They're gonna want a face-to-
face before that sale
can happen.
>> ROMEO: I'm always available.
>> LUIS: Location for the
exchange: South Tucson,
farm equipment repair yard.
10:00.
>> CLAY: Great. See ya then.
>> LUIS: We trust these guys?
>> ROMEO: Not till we need to.
Vámonos!
>> GRAD: Luis Torres,
Special Forces Airmobile Group.
Intelligence.
Masters in Logistics,
Universidad Veracruzana,
Lieutenant First Class...
>> POTTER: Commanding Officer,
Romeo Parada.
>> GRAD: Yep.
Left Special Forces two weeks
after his C.O.
Last known tour of duty:
Galindo Cartel.
>> POTTER: A trench is a trench.
>> GRAD: Looks like we're back
on RICO.
>> POTTER: Just in time, we're
outta snacks.
Call Sacramento.
Tell 'em all our players are in
the game and I need money.
>> GRAD: Where you going?
>> POTTER: To the place where
bikers go to die.
>> ARMANDO: What the hell is
this all about, Clay?
We should be gearing up
for tonight.
>> CLAY: Meet Achey.
Skinhead meth cooker.
About five months ago,
Little Paul and Reggie found
out Achey here was cooking
for Huff and Benny.
>> HUFF (chuckles): What?
>> CLAY: They told his crew
it was a SAMTAZ drug operation.
Ain't that right, Achey?
>> HUFF: This is bullshit!
We-We took a vote.
>> JAX: Yeah, after you killed
Little Paul and blackmailed
Reggie out of the club.
>> HUFF: Come on, man.
>> ARMANDO: You know what you're
doing here?
>> CLAY: I'm accusing the VP
and the Sergeant of using the MC
to their own ends.
And then when they got caught,
they killed a member...
andblackmailed another.
>> BENNY: This is crazy, man.
This guy's a goddamn tweaker.
>> CHIBS: Yeah, but this guy's
not.
Tell 'em what you know, Reg.
>> CLAY: It's your charter, man.
Listen to the facts.
You make your decision.
But if you find out that your
club got into crank on a lie,
you need to vote it again.
>> HUFF: I'm not listening to
this shit.
>> ARMANDO: Sit down, Huff.
>> HUFF: You gonna listen
to his bullshit?
>> ARMANDO: I said sit down.
>> HUFF: You little bitch...!
(groans)
>> CLAY: You having trouble with
the grip?
(Clay grunts)
(Huff groans)
>> JAX: Handle your business.
We'll be at the truck stop.
(Huff groaning)
(monitor beeping)
>> PINEY (sighs): Can I get out
of here now?
>> TARA: Dr. Geller wants
to keep you in for 24 hours.
(Piney groans)
Just observation.
>> PINEY: It's my oxygen levels.
It happens once in a while.
>> TARA: The alcohol isn't
helping.
>> PINEY: Yeah, I know.
I'm-I'm sorry I was so
hard on you before.
>> TARA: Mm, it's okay.
Tell me about John Teller.
What was he like?
>> PINEY: He was a complicated
guy.
Angry, impulsive...
(chuckles) Just righteous
as hell.
Hated being wrong.
Not much of an education.
Book smart, though.
He used to, um... devour three
and four of 'em at a time.
He was loyal.
Too loyal.
>> TARA: That sounds familiar.
>> PINEY: Yeah, they're cut
from the same cloth.
You know what I want to know?
Why my best friend was afraid
when he died.
>> TARA: I found some of JT's
old letters.
He was trying to get the club
out of the gun business.
He knew it was a risk.
Clay and the others were
invested.
>> PINEY: Trying to get them
out how?
>> TARA: From what I read, he
had set up a meeting in Belfast
with some IRA members
and a priest.
>> PINEY: Kellan Ashby.
>> TARA: Yes.
John wanted to end the
relationship with the Irish,
stop the club from selling guns.
He was killed before that
meeting happened.
>> GEMMA: Hey, how we doing?
>> TARA: Okay.
We're gonna run some more tests.
Make sure he's stable.
>> GEMMA: Just give him some
tequila, that'll do it.
>> TARA: I'll check in on you
later.
(sighs)
>> GEMMA: What you doing,
old man?
What do you want with Tara?
>> PINEY: She's just, uh,
helping me grow old gracefully.
>> GEMMA: I know you're bumping
up against Clay.
That bullshit you fed me the
other day.
>> PINEY: It wasn't bullshit,
it was the truth.
You all just refuse to look at
it.
>> GEMMA: Well, whatever truth
you think Tara can tell you,
it's only going to make things
worse.
>> PINEY: It can't get any
>> GEMMA: Back off it, Piney.
Leave it alone...
before it kills you.
>> PINEY: That's half the reason
I'm doing it.
(Huff and Benny groaning)
>> JAX: Sorry, man.
>> ARMANDO: Lost a third of my
goddamn club.
>> BOBBY: Take another vote on
the crank?
>> ARMANDO: Yeah.
It passed. Sorry.
>> CLAY: Are you shitting me?
>> ARMANDO: Guys got a taste of
the money, Clay.
It was unanimous.
We'll arrange another depot to
land the truck.
And I'll make damn sure the
crank don't get in the way.
You got my word.
>> CLAY: Shit.
>> JAX: We better get moving.
>> ARMANDO: Come on.
>> CLAY: Not a goddamn word.
>> GEMMA: Sorry. I, uh, I just
wanted to stop by and give you
this.
Gold circle club.
Five grand.
>> RITA: In 20s?
>> GEMMA: Is that a problem?
>> RITA: No.
Come on in.
I'll get your information.
>> GEMMA: Oh, no, no, it's not
for me.
Dr. Tara Knowles wants to be on
your committee.
Here's all her info.
Future daughter-in-law.
>> RITA: Lucky you.
>> GEMMA: Yeah-- lucky me.
My dead bulbs.
>> RITA: (chuckles)
>> GEMMA: Have a good night.
♪ ♪
(traditional Mexican tune plays)
>> CLAY: That's some
well-guarded salsa, man.
>> ROMEO: Wait till you taste
it.
>> CLAY: Chibs, come on, Chibs.
(door creaks)
>> POTTER: I'm good.
Sorry to interrupt your
solitude, Mr. Delaney.
Deputy Sheriff Gabe Marcel, San
Joaquin Sheriff's Department.
Just, uh, need a few minutes of
your time.
It's regarding the murder of
your wife, Luann Delaney.
Sanwa Sheriffs recently took
over jurisdiction of Charming.
All of Charming P.D's unresolved
cases became our responsibility.
I'm following up.
According to the autopsy report,
traces of semen were found in
your wife's undergarments.
The county was finally able to
run the analysis.
Got a match from the system.
A, uh...
Robert Munson.
Known as Bobby Elvis.
A member of your motorcycle
club.
Can you tell me anything about
their relationship?
And I ask, because in most
cases, 87.9% actually, the
person having sex with the
victim is the perpetrator.
And...
It was...
It was a gruesome assault.
I understand you've been going
through some emotional issues.
Doesn't seem right you're locked
up in this box.
I'm going to look into that.
I'll come back a little later
when you feel a bit more...
settled.
Have a good night.
(jail doors clanging)
(Spanish-language pop song
plays)
>> CLAY: You always travel this
thick, or you expecting heat
from the competition?
>> ROMEO: It's just a
precaution.
>> JAX: Should we be taking that
precaution?
>> ROMEO: Lobo Sonora doesn't
know about our deal.
If they did, they would never
risk reprisal up north.
>> LUIS: They hit us down here,
and we're prepared.
>> CLAY: That you are.
>> ROMEO: 700,000.
The balance for this order.
Half down for the next.
>> ROMEO (whistles): Fredo!
Abrelo.
30 kilos of uncut Colombian
cocaine.
>> LUIS: Give it a safe ride,
gentlemen.
>> ROMEO: We'll be up in a few
days to check on the operation.
Buena suerte.
>> CLAY: Come on, load it up.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org